hey everyone pancakes one two three back
again today I'm going to be talking
about my predictions for the bioshock
infinite dlc it has been announced that
bioshock infinite will have three DLCs
and you know i'm expecting them all to
come within the year within within a
year the year because some might come in
2014 possibly but like more likely than
not they're all they'll all come in 2013
but these are my predictions for what
they're going to be because they haven't
actually said what these DLCs are they
haven't even hinted at them so I've been
you know thinking about it for a while
going through all the areas of bioshock
infinite which is amazing game going
through all the areas you know in which
i think there's room for DLC within the
story because BioShock Infinite is very
story heavy so let's jump right into it
I'm gonna save the best for last so i'll
start with probably my worst idea and
that is the battle at Wounded Knee so we
all know that Booker DeWitt fights in
the battle at wounded knee and that kind
of starts the whole story line without
spoiling anything that's all I can say
and um well you know what there's going
to be major spoilers here anyway spoiler
alert um so but yeah but that's this
isn't even really spoiler Booker DeWitt
does fight at the Battle of Luna d we
all know that and but we never actually
get to see that bad so I'm thinking what
might go on here is kind of an operation
anchorage type dlc and i compared to
that because you know neither games are
really about fighting on a battlefield
you know fallout 3 was not about you
know it was not about fighting in a war
zone same with bioshock infinite it's
more of an atmospheric type game with
large laid out levels and stuff but i
think there's room for some linear
shooting because the gut the game
playing bioshock infinite is really
really good so if they had a you know
short like four or five hour DLC where
you fight at the battle at Wounded Knee
I think that would be really cool would
be linear there's no way they really
could make it not linear um so in that
sense it's kind of branching off the
idea of what BioShock Infinite is all
about being like nonlinear I mean it is
whatever that's my first prediction it's
not the best but I do think the ban
battle at wounded knee is a viable DLC
option so yeah the next is playing as
Booker the martyr for Fitzroy um now for
those of you play the game or for those
of you haven't I'll just go over it
again basically the game you know has a
bunch of parallel universes and in one
of the parts of the game you go through
a tear into this new parallel universe
and in that universe you find out the
the booker dewitt of that universe died
fighting for fitz roy which Fitzroy's
the leader of the i honestly can't
remember their names but you know like
the rebel group the group against
Comstock so um you in this universe the
other booker dewitt from that universe
died already but now you're the booker
dewitt from the other universe who's
coming into this new universe and you
know everybody thought you were dead now
you're like hey I'm alive but we never
actually found out what happened to the
old Booker DeWitt who died fighting for
fitz roy and was considered a martyr in
a hero so i think that could very easily
be a DLC I could definitely see that
because that's a major chunk of the
story they just left out I mean when you
think about it like that's some pretty
interesting stuff how did Booker even
get to a point in his life where he
decided to join like this revolution
because he was never he just wanted to
get his job done and leave Colombia but
in this parallel universe he decided to
you know make a stand against Comstock
which is interesting and help fight for
fitz roy so i'd really like to see how
that all came about how did he become
this
revolutionary hero kind of guy anyway
and most importantly how did he die in
this other universe so that uh that you
know would easily be a like a 10 hour
DLC as well because you could still have
these wide-open levels in Columbia like
BioShock Infinite was so good so good
for you know you'd still have that open
Columbia environment unlike the Battle
of Wounded Knee DLC prediction so that
seems to be more in line with the game
it's also you know more story heavy so
that's why I think that's more of a
viable DLC option than the Battle of
Wounded Knee and then my last prediction
for DLC and this one is kind of pretty
much confirmed um everyone's saying this
one but it is a very good prediction I
think this is very logical and that is
returned to rapture now there's more to
this than just saying oh hey well
bioshock 1 and 2 were in raptures so
they got to bring back rapture for
bioshock infinite but no at the end of
the game um you actually go through this
tear for like not for long just for like
I'm one minute and you're inside rapture
for like a minute and you get to look
around a little bit in this room and
stuff and so it kind of the game is
really just teasing you like you want to
go to rapture is Booker DeWitt I'm gonna
have to wait for DLC to do that because
you know obviously that means that
rapture is going to tie into the story
somehow and I think this is going to be
the biggest and best dlc for bioshock
infinite i think you're going to go back
to rapture maybe bez booker do it maybe
you'll play as a different character and
enraptured you'll figure out how rapture
and columbia are connected because
clearly they are hinted at that very
much in the ending of BioShock Infinite
and the ending of BioShock Infinite was
pretty damn important so I don't think
they're gonna leave out an important
aspect of the already imported ending
and just let fans speculate I think that
really needs to be explained hey what
the hell is rapture doing here cuz I
think it was a lot more than fanservice
BioShock Infinite is just the writing is
so darn good I just know they're going
to have a way to tie in columbia and
rapture together
even if they don't like i said before
bioshock 1 and 2 were awesome rapture is
just an awesome settings we all want to
go back with the new and refined
gameplay of infinite because infinite
has much better actual gameplay than one
and two I think just the shooting
mechanics and stuff is so much better so
I'd love to return to rapture with the
new and improved gameplay and the new
and improved writing to I mean BioShock
Infinite just really hit the nail on the
head in terms of all aspects of what
makes a game great so that's probably
your best bet in turn if you're if
you're going to take any one of my
predictions to heart and really count on
one of these predictions becoming a real
DLC I'd say go with return to rapture
and I think it's going to be called
exactly that as well because double r's
so yeah alliteration for the win so
that's it ballot Wounded Knee play
playing as Booker the martyr and return
to rapture those are my 3 DLC
predictions I think we're all pretty
darn good personally not to brag but
I've watched some other dlc prediction
videos and I really don't agree with
most of the stuff I think this is really
the stuff they're going to focus on
because the ending the beginning and
ending are very flushed out of bioshock
infinite but the stuff in between is
very vague and I think it's vague for a
reason because of DLC so thanks for
watching everyone I'll see you guys next
time hopefully some more nerd cave
coming soon I know I've been uploaded to
one of those in a while all right I'll
see you later